Boadicea The Victorious Valiant Eau de parfum 100ml,Zesty, sumptuous, utterly unique. From the Exclusive Collection of Boadicea The Victorious, Valiant harnesses the purity of the world’s finest ingredients in a beautifully crafted bottle. Top notes of orange and bergamot offer luxury in every spritz and leave the wearer feeling an alluring sense of adventure.,$899 
Sea Buck Switzerland - Day and Night Cream Combination 25ml each,This exclusive duo of organic-certiﬁed day and night creams will transform your skincare routine. Filled with the regenerative energy of sea buckthorn berries, known as the gold of the Himalayas, the creams are produced on a small scale, such is the rarity of this precious, vitamin C-packed ingredient. The creams work in tandem to moisturise your skin and reactivate its youthful ﬁrmness and glow.,$899 
AIGNER Cremona Ladies’ Timepiece,The gorgeous design of AIGNER’s Cremona watch features a two-toned style with a stainless-steel silver bracelet and rose gold-plated mother-of-pearl dial. The dial is crafted into the shape of a horseshoe and displays intricate detailing of AIGNER’s unmistakable logo. Water-resistant to 3ATM, the watch comes with a two-year international warranty.,$899 
Tudor Court Locket,With an understated chain, this elegant locket, which contains rare Welsh gold, will add an eye-catching touch to every ensemble. The heart pendant is made from sterling silver and 9-carat rose gold and opens to reveal a treasurable quatrefoil rose-gold charm.,$899 
Bang & Olufsen E8 Earbuds,Take the tangles out of your headphone experience with B&O’s wire-free earbuds. The intuitive design lets you start/stop, change tracks, take calls and activate voice commands at the touch of a button. Enjoy up to 16 hours of playtime and easy recharging with the Qi-enabled leather case.,$899 
Dolce & Gabbana K,A fragrance ﬁt for kings. This woody, distinctly Mediterranean scent bursts with fresh Sicilian lemon and blood orange accords. Lavandin provides a masculine note, while pimento essence brings a unique spicy edge. To cap it all off, the bottle is topped with a regal crown.,$92 
Dr. Levy Intense Eye Rescue 15ml,Give the skin that surrounds your eyes a visibly smooth complexion and youthful glow with Intense Eye Rescue’s Eye Booster Concentrate, an exclusive travel set developed in Switzerland and the world’s ﬁrst-ever patented cosmeceutical cream scientiﬁcally proven to boost dermal stem cells.,$92 
Ray-Ban Aviator Classic Gold,Originally created for U.S. aviators in 1937, the Ray-Ban Aviator Classic design is iconic. Gold frames make these shades effortlessly stylish, while green G-15 lenses provide optimum visual clarity and 100% UV protection.,$92 
Hermès Elixir des Merveilles Calligraphie Eau de parfum 100ml ,Wander into a fairytale world with the third composition in the Eau des Merveilles range. The scent comes in a bottle that celebrates the talents of Emirati calligrapher Narjes Noureddine, with every spritz delivering sensual notes of candied orange, patchouli, sandalwood and siam.,$92 
Guerlain Abeille Royale & The Ultimate Age-defying Duo Set,A revolutionary set that recaptures your skin’s youth thanks to the use of Guerlain’s exclusive royal jelly, a precious substance that’s rich in nutrients, lipids and vitamins. Youth Watery Oil is rich like an oil, lotion-fresh and proven to make skin smoother and plumper. Double R Renew & Repair Serum pairs anti-ageing tech with soft-peel treatment, a highly effective combination that gives your skin a new lease of life. Each bottle is 50ml.,$92 
